Fogg surprisingly accepts your story, giving you the Artifact as well as his journal. 
Holding it over your head, you smash the Artifact against the ground, suddenly returning to the present. Your body feels sick again, although not as badly as before, as you stand in full 19th century attire in the middle of Porto, being photographed by confused and curious tourists.
You rush to find Marco Fogg. 

When you try to talk to him, he clearly does not know you, proving that your mission was successful - there was no Artifact for Marco to research or even kill his wife and, as the sensor never activated, you have just saved mankind’s future.
You attempt to explain to Marco your journey, from Victoria’s message to Marco’s role in it, as you place Fogg’s journal in his hands. After hearing your explanation and reading the journal, he simply says it would make a great book but does not believe any of it was real.
Standing in front of him, you accept only you know what has happened and what you’ve done.

After many months, as you walk around the city, you find a poster for a book launch event of a story called “Around the World in 80 Days”, a romantic science fiction novel with elements from your travels explanation and Fogg’s journal.
You walk into the event, curious about the book when a woman with a familiar voice comes to you. She claims to be Victoria Fogg, saying she felt compelled to travel to the past after perfecting her machine, since Marco Fogg’s book inspired many members of her family, including herself, to pursue a career exploring the boundaries of physics and time travel. She suspected the book detailed a real story and not something imagined by Marco, since it was too much of a coincidence that a Fogg with her name would be born in the same year as her. With her acquired knowledge in time travel, she accepted the story to be mostly true and decided to verify her theory by making her new machine’s maiden voyage this book launch.

You stand speechless but thankful that your work was appreciated, even if only by her. Without expecting an answer, she thanks you for saving her.

She thanks you for saving mankind.